Please respond thoroughly (at least two sentences for each question) to
the following three questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.
  During this semester, when I came to learn about how to organize my programs 
into functions, with a main function followed by other functions, it helped me 
to see how simple and clear a program can be written in comparison with what 
I learned in CSE 110 where all the programs I wrote were like a text, and 
sometimes it was very long and I kinda get lost when going through, but the 
way that functions are organized, even though it might be long, the way of 
reading it is much simpler and systematic, looking first at the main function 
and then the other functions that auxiliary to the main function.

2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?
  When I was in CSE 110 class, I always wondered what professional programmers
use to check a function to make sure it is providing the real result, for example 
when I write a program that uses math, I would use an external calculator to make 
sure it was giving me the right result because in Python math has to be well 
defined or it might give you a result that you don't expect, and I thought to my 
self, do they all have external math calculators to test their functions? or when
it comes to a function that produces other results, what do they use? So after 
learning about test functions, it made more sense to me because those test 
function, they test a function without the need to be worried about what am I 
missing because it test the function to real results already known.


3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?
  when troubleshooting and fixing a program, I always look at the message it shows
and its meaning, then if I understood what is happening, I just go and fix it, and 
if not, I use the Python troubleshooting tool to target where the problem is and 
solve it, and if it continues to not work, I just start to look for tutorials in
Youtube on how to do the task I am looking for differently, I believe that 
one thing that I can improve is that instead of using test functions at the end 
of my programs, I could use them after creating each function and maybe learning 
more how to test different functions.


